thus the Lord God showed me behold he
thus the Lord God showed me behold he formed locust swarms at the beginning of
formed locust swarms at the beginning of
formed locust swarms at the beginning of the late crop indeed it was the late
the late crop indeed it was the late
the late crop indeed it was the late crop after the Kings mowings and so it
crop after the Kings mowings and so it
crop after the Kings mowings and so it was when they had finished eating the
was when they had finished eating the
was when they had finished eating the grass of the land that I said O Lord God
grass of the land that I said O Lord God
grass of the land that I said O Lord God forgive I pray o that Jacob may stand
forgive I pray o that Jacob may stand
forgive I pray o that Jacob may stand for he is small so the Lord relented
for he is small so the Lord relented
for he is small so the Lord relented concerning this it shall not be thus the
concerning this it shall not be thus the
concerning this it shall not be thus the Lord God showed me behold the Lord God
Lord God showed me behold the Lord God
Lord God showed me behold the Lord God called for conflict by fire and it
called for conflict by fire and it
called for conflict by fire and it consumed the great deep and devoured the
consumed the great deep and devoured the
consumed the great deep and devoured the territory then I said O Lord God cease I
territory then I said O Lord God cease I
territory then I said O Lord God cease I pray o that Jacob may stand for he is
pray o that Jacob may stand for he is
pray o that Jacob may stand for he is small so the Lord relented concerning
small so the Lord relented concerning
small so the Lord relented concerning this this also shall not be thus he
this this also shall not be thus he
this this also shall not be thus he showed me they hold the Lord stood on a
showed me they hold the Lord stood on a
showed me they hold the Lord stood on a wall made with a plumb line with a plumb
wall made with a plumb line with a plumb
wall made with a plumb line with a plumb line in his hand and the Lord said to me
line in his hand and the Lord said to me
line in his hand and the Lord said to me Amos
Amos
Amos what do you see a plumb line
I am setting a plumb line in the midst
I am setting a plumb line in the midst of my people Israel
of my people Israel
of my people Israel I will not pass by them anymore the high
I will not pass by them anymore the high
I will not pass by them anymore the high places of Isaac shall be desolate and
places of Isaac shall be desolate and
places of Isaac shall be desolate and the sanctuaries of Israel shall be laid
the sanctuaries of Israel shall be laid
the sanctuaries of Israel shall be laid waste I will rise with the sword against
waste I will rise with the sword against
waste I will rise with the sword against the house of Jeroboam then a messiah the
the house of Jeroboam then a messiah the
the house of Jeroboam then a messiah the priest of Bethel sent to Jeroboam king
priest of Bethel sent to Jeroboam king
priest of Bethel sent to Jeroboam king of Israel
of Israel
of Israel Amos has conspired against you in the
Amos has conspired against you in the
Amos has conspired against you in the midst of the house of Israel the land is
midst of the house of Israel the land is
midst of the house of Israel the land is not able to bear all his words for thus
not able to bear all his words for thus
not able to bear all his words for thus Amos has said Jeroboam shall die by the
Amos has said Jeroboam shall die by the
Amos has said Jeroboam shall die by the sword and Israel shall surely be led
sword and Israel shall surely be led
sword and Israel shall surely be led away captive from their own land then a
away captive from their own land then a
away captive from their own land then a messiah said to Amos go you seer flee to
messiah said to Amos go you seer flee to
messiah said to Amos go you seer flee to the land of Judah there eat bread and
the land of Judah there eat bread and
the land of Judah there eat bread and there prophesy but never again prophesy
there prophesy but never again prophesy
there prophesy but never again prophesy at Bethel for it is the King's sanctuary
at Bethel for it is the King's sanctuary
at Bethel for it is the King's sanctuary and it is the royal residence when Amos
and it is the royal residence when Amos
and it is the royal residence when Amos answered I was no prophet nor was I a
answered I was no prophet nor was I a
answered I was no prophet nor was I a son of a prophet but I was a sheep
son of a prophet but I was a sheep
son of a prophet but I was a sheep breeder and a tender of sycamore fruit
breeder and a tender of sycamore fruit
breeder and a tender of sycamore fruit then the Lord took me as I followed the
then the Lord took me as I followed the
then the Lord took me as I followed the flock and the Lord said to me go
flock and the Lord said to me go
flock and the Lord said to me go prophesy to my people Israel
prophesy to my people Israel
prophesy to my people Israel now therefore hear the word of the Lord
now therefore hear the word of the Lord
now therefore hear the word of the Lord you say do not prophesy against Israel
you say do not prophesy against Israel
you say do not prophesy against Israel and do not sprout against the house of
and do not sprout against the house of
and do not sprout against the house of Isaac therefore thus says the Lord your
Isaac therefore thus says the Lord your
Isaac therefore thus says the Lord your wife shall be a harlot in the city your
wife shall be a harlot in the city your
wife shall be a harlot in the city your sons and daughters shall fall by the
sons and daughters shall fall by the
sons and daughters shall fall by the sword your land shall be divided by
sword your land shall be divided by
sword your land shall be divided by survey line you shall die in a defiled
survey line you shall die in a defiled
survey line you shall die in a defiled and Israel shall surely be led away
and Israel shall surely be led away
and Israel shall surely be led away captive from his own land
captive from his own land
captive from his own land [Music]